so much bullseye then but the wheels
coming off or the wind going out of his
sails on a place so bad you've got two
eights
maybe jacks
well clammy had any of those hands Danny
would be in better shape than he is
right now against the ace queen that's a
killer hand for him to go up against
Daniel with a big decision now to call
he's been agonizing over every call I
think I know what you got
you don't Daniel get out 16 total right
not a good sign don't call it so clammy
in and the cron you will go to the flop
and the grind you a three-to-one
underdog and it's 9 8 - no help I
checked to the turn card a queen and the
grande you probably thinks the Queen
helps it it does help them but they both
have Queens and Clare man has the better
kicker Daniel decides to bet all-in and
clunky 3/8 right 15 and a quarter I
didn't want to hit a pair in the turn I
really didn't that spades
I think I put him on eight and I had an
innate sloth I still play oh it was
worse than that I knew that I never
would played we need a king or we're
going home Daniel Negreanu one card away
from being eliminated and the cards of
two of Hearts not but Daniel made it
Richard clam Ian wins the hand at Daniel
Negreanu
eliminated from the main event at the
2004 World Series of Poker he struggled
against the amateurs all day long
finally taken out by Richard clammy in a
seasoned pro overall I wasn't all that
happy with wet plate I mean I've made a
couple mistakes probably was pushing a
little more than I needed to you know
because a lot of novice players I should
have waited a little longer
they were like unlovable and I was
trying to bluff themself big mistake on
my part I think meanwhile the outer
tables over an money-maker Plaza our
defending champion Chris Moneymaker
getting a bit of a massage maybe to ease
the pain of his all-nighter moneymaker
in trouble right now he's got an ace 10
off suit but he's going up against the
three kings of william adler and
moneymaker has made a 1500 chip bet in
betting right there moneymaker was
hoping to take down the pot of course he
doesn't know he's up against three kings
and when those three kings come in as
they will Edler will be a huge favorite
against moneymaker and adler with the
raise money maker calls it immediately
and he is all in and moneymaker is all
but out of here he is gonna need running
aces for his 2004 World Series is over
William Edler on the verge of knocking
off the defending champion Chris
Moneymaker and now comes the turn card
and that's going to do it Edler has a
full house the river card is meaningless
and Chris Moneymaker is eliminated
and adding insult to injury he's going
to have to pay for the massage that he
thought would last longer as his World
Series defence has ended it was never
his intention to be the standard-bearer
for the poker world over the last year
but largely because of Chris moneymakers
win in the main event last year poker
has been forever changed no better
evidence in that LAN than the fact that
as Chris Moneymaker walks out of here
today he leaves an astounding 2,000
players still alive with a chance to win
next year
it was a rough first day for some of the
Masters of the game just one of those
days you know but some of the game's
greats are whistling a slightly
different tune they have survived the
onslaught of amateur players and
remained very much alive at the end of
day one we reports including three
former champs still in the hunt for
their tenth bracelet crazy first day but
if there's one thing we've learned this
game is a lot harder than it looks
this is time to blow the last 600 bucks
I have